feat: Remove non-protocol contracts from public setup allowlist (#21154)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs-operate/operators/reference/changelog/v4.md

--txPublicSetupAllowListExtend <value>  ($TX_PUBLIC_SETUP_ALLOWLIST)
```

The variable now **extends** the hardcoded defaults (which are always present). Selectors are now mandatory. An optional flags segment can be appended for additional validation:

```
I:address:selector[:flags]
C:classId:selector[:flags]
```

Where `flags` is a `+`-separated list of:
- `os` — `onlySelf`: only allow calls where msg_sender == contract address
- `rn` — `rejectNullMsgSender`: reject calls with a null msg_sender
- `cl=N` — `calldataLength`: enforce exact calldata length of N fields

Example: `C:0xabc:0x1234:os+cl=4`

**Migration**: If you were using `TX_PUBLIC_SETUP_ALLOWLIST`, ensure all entries include function selectors. Note the variable now adds to defaults rather than replacing them. If you were not setting this variable, no action is needed — the hardcoded defaults now include the correct selectors automatically.

### Token removed from default setup allowlist

Token class-based entries (`_increase_public_balance` and `transfer_in_public`) have been removed from the default public setup allowlist. FPC-based fee payments using custom tokens no longer work out of the box.

> This change was made because Token class IDs change with aztec-nr releases, making the allowlist hard to maintain. FPC-based fee payment with custom tokens won't work on mainnet alpha.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change was made because Token class IDs change with aztec-nr releases, making the allowlist impossible to keep up to date with new library releases. In addition, `transfer_in_public` requires complex additional logic to be built into the node to prevent mass transaction invalidation attacks. **FPC-based fee payment with custom tokens won't work on mainnet alpha**.
```

**Migration**: Node operators who need FPC support must manually add Token entries via `TX_PUBLIC_SETUP_ALLOWLIST`. Example:

```bash
TX_PUBLIC_SETUP_ALLOWLIST="C:<tokenClassId>:<increaseBalanceSelector>:os+cl=3,C:<tokenClassId>:<transferInPublicSelector>:cl=5"
```

> Replace `<tokenClassId>` with the deployed Token contract class ID and `<increaseBalanceSelector>`/`<transferInPublicSelector>` with the respective function selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<tokenClassId>` with the deployed Token contract class ID and `<increaseBalanceSelector>`/`<transferInPublicSelector>` with the respective function selectors. Keep in mind that this will only work on local network setups, since even if you as an operator add these entries, other nodes will not have them and will not pick up these transactions.
```
